📝 add details about sampling configuration (#1186)
DataDog/browser-sdk: packages/rum/README.md

: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Number<br/>
**Default**: `100`<br/>

> The percentage of sessions to track: `100` for all, `0` for none. Only tracked sessions send rum events. For more details about `sampleRate`, see [the sampling configuration](#browser-and-session-replay-sampling-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The percentage of sessions to track: `100` for all, `0` for none. Only tracked sessions send RUM events. For more details about `sampleRate`, see the [sampling configuration](#browser-and-session-replay-sampling-configuration).
```

`replaySampleRate`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Number<br/>
**Default**: `100`<br/>

> The percentage of tracked sessions with [session replay pricing][11] features: `100` for all, `0` for none. For more details about `replaySampleRate`, see [the sampling configuration](#browser-and-session-replay-sampling-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The percentage of tracked sessions with [Session Replay pricing][11] features: `100` for all, `0` for none. For more details about `replaySampleRate`, see the [sampling configuration](#browser-and-session-replay-sampling-configuration).
```

})
```

### Browser and Session Replay sampling and configuration

> The option `sampleRate:` controls the overall sample rate of RUM data collection and `replaySampleRate:` controls the % of Session Replay data collection of the overall rate (meaning the collection of **Resources**, **Long Tasks**, and **Replay** recordings) . 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The option `sampleRate` controls the overall sample rate of RUM data collection and `replaySampleRate` controls the percent of Session Replay data collection of the overall rate (meaning the collection of **Resources**, **Long Tasks**, and **Replay** recordings) . 
```

> **Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Browser RUM option

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Browser RUM option:

```

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 100,
    replaySampleRate: 0
});
```

> **Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Session Replay RUM option without recording a replay

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Session Replay RUM option without recording a replay:

```

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 100,
    replaySampleRate: 100 // Note: if this is not included it will default to 100%
});
```

> **Example**: If you wanted to collect 25% of your sessions using Browser and 25% sessions using the Session Replay RUM option

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example**: If you wanted to collect 25% of your sessions using Browser and 25% sessions using the Session Replay RUM option:

```

})
```

> ### Browser and Session Replay sampling and configuration

Reviewer 3: Could it be interesting to link related [init parameters](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/browser/#initialization-parameters) to this section?

Author: I'm not sure I understand what you're thinking, do you have more details?

Reviewer 3: we have documentation for all initialization parameters, for sampleRate and replaySampleRate, it could be nice to add a "more details" link to this new paragraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Browser and Session Replay sampling and configuration

For more details about `sampleRate` and `replaySampleRate`, see [Initialization parameters](#initialization-parameters).
```

Reviewer: @bcaudan I understand your ask but we're adding this new section immediately after Initialization Parameters—do you think this "more details" link is necessary?

Reviewer 3: What I had in mind was not what you suggested above but having in the sample rate and replay sample rate doc a link to Browser and Session Replay sampling and configuration. ex:

```md
`sampleRate`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Number<br/>
**Default**: `100`<br/>
The percentage of sessions to track: `100` for all, `0` for none. Only tracked sessions send rum events.
[More details on sampling configuration](#browser-and-session-replay-sampling-and-configuration).
```
When browsing initialization parameters, it can be nice to see that there are extra details somewhere.

Reviewer: Got it, so you want to add the link to the section in the table entries—in that case, I agree! @MirandaKapin can you add this to the two entries in the table: 

For more details about `sampleRate` and `replaySampleRate`, see [the sampling configuration](#browser-and-session-replay-sampling-and-configuration).

Reviewer 3: added in 63c0fb4

The option `sampleRate` controls the overall sample rate of RUM data collection and `replaySampleRate` controls the percent of Session Replay data collection of the overall rate (meaning the collection of **Resources**, **Long Tasks**, and **Replay** recordings) . 

**Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Browser RUM option:

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 100,
    replaySampleRate: 0
});
```

**Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Session Replay RUM option without recording a replay:

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 100,
    replaySampleRate: 100 // Note: if this is not included it will default to 100%
});
```

**Example**: If you wanted to collect 25% of your sessions using Browser and 25% sessions using the Session Replay RUM option:

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 50,
    replaySampleRate: 50

> });

Reviewer 3: IMO that could worth an extra clarification to well understand how (50, 50) relates to (25, 25)

})
```

### Browser and Session Replay sampling and configuration

> The option `sampleRate` controls the overall sample rate of RUM data collection and `replaySampleRate` controls the percent of Session Replay data collection of the overall rate (meaning the collection of **Resources**, **Long Tasks**, and **Replay** recordings) . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sampleRate` option controls the overall sample rate of RUM data collection. The `replaySampleRate` option controls the percentage of Session Replay data collection of the overall rate (the collection of **Resources**, **Long Tasks**, and **Replay** recordings). 
```

> **Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Browser RUM option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Browser RUM option:
```

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 100,
    replaySampleRate: 0
});
```

> **Example**: If you wanted to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Session Replay RUM option without recording a replay:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to collect 100% of your sessions using only the Session Replay RUM option without recording a replay:
```

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 100,
    replaySampleRate: 100 // Note: if this is not included it will default to 100%
});
```

> **Example**: If you wanted to collect 25% of your sessions using Browser and 25% sessions using the Session Replay RUM option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to collect 25% of your sessions using the Browser RUM option and 25% of your sessions using the Session Replay RUM option:
```

```
datadogRum.init({
    ....
    sampleRate: 50,
    replaySampleRate: 50
});
```

> In this case, it means that we are taking 50% of all sessions, and half of those sessions are being tracked as the Session Replay RUM option, meaning left over sessions are being tracked as Browser RUM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the example above, 50% of all sessions are collected. The Session Replay RUM option tracks half of these sessions while the Browser RUM option tracks the remaining half of these sessions. 

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

```
